After every task is finished, please do : 
1. Open Sourcetree
2. Commit with message "task x"
3. Stage All
4. Commit
5. Push

The goal of task two is to separate the subjects to enable better working environment.
Just imagine, if this is a big app. 
There will be a lot of JavaScript and CSS, and if we write it down in one HTML file,
it will be very long, and when you want to change something, it will be frustrating.

With that being said, we acknowledge the importance of principle separation. 
We need to move out what should not be there.
Since the file is .html, then we need to move out javascript and css.

(Now we are still embedding it inside the index.html file with javascript lives inside <script> tag,
and css lives inside <style> tag.)

General Step task:
1. Know what is root directory , when i say root. Root is the top directory of the project, when i say 
  root directory of this project, it means it is the level where Calculator.txt, index.html, READTHIS.txt 
  exists. So, Task folder is in root directory, but TaskOne, TaskTwo are not. They are in Task directory.
  (Directory can be said as folder too)
2. Create a directory in the root directory named 'src'
3. Inside src directory, creates two more directories named 'scripts' and 'styles'
4. Inside 'scripts' directory, create a file named 'index.js' (js = javascript file)
5. Inside 'styles' directory, create a file named 'index.css' (css = css file)

JS task: 
- Migrate all the content within <script> tag to index.js (don't forget to save, lol)
- Remove all the content within <script> tag
- Link the index.html so that it reads index.js.
    This one i will let you figure it out, but i will give you a hint
    (i.e. <script src="">) The rest you need google.
- If successfully linked, you should be able to perform calculation

CSS tasks:
- Migrate all the content within <style> tag to index.css (don't forget to save, lol)
- Remove all the content within <style> tag,
- Link the index.html so that it reads index.css
    Figure it out. hint
    (i.e. <link href="">)
- If successfully linked, you should be able to see the applied style

Reflection (Read this upon completion):
Here you can see the separation of concern to enable efficient working environment.
Lets say you have a team, you can ask js expert to modify index.js, and css expert to 
modify index.css, isn't it more flexible and speed up development?

Remember one important mindset : "always think how to simplify, and not how to make it complex"